Mr. Xu
You really did a good job these years hahaha
Driven a lot of industries
It has made many contributions to the development of our flower sea
Oh, yeah.
It's all your support, Mr. Liu.
If it weren't for you, where would I be today?
I just did what I should have done.
Hahaha
It would be nice if people thought like you
Oh, dear.
Who's going there?
199 people did what passersby complained about that day
Just as Mr. Ye said
I just want to hide it from you
Secretly, I exchanged his money for me.
Put it in the front, it's a damn company, that's a reservoir.
It's about people's lives.
He should have moved his mind
He was actually told by these gentlemen
Mr. Xu, the descendant named Ye Fan you mentioned
Where is he now?
I'm going to see him in person tomorrow